---
title: v2.9.2
---

3RVX 2.9.2
==========
What should have been a quick bugfix release turned into a very long development cycle (around 500 commits since the last release). Beta 10 adds several new features and bugfixes. Going forward, there will be two primary new features: brightness and keyboard OSDs. After this functionality is complete, development efforts will shift towards bug fixes and improving some of the functionality (making keyboard/mouse hotkeys more robust, for instance).

Thanks to everyone for reporting bugs and helping make this release possible. I have a feeling 2.9.3 will come much more quickly (probably due to new bugs/regressions introduced in this release...).

*WARNING*: Brightness and Keyboard functionality is **NOT** complete, but the settings are available in the Settings UI. Please ignore these for now.

Downloads:
----------
Coming soon after sanity checks are complete.

Changelog:
----------
* Custom volume curves
* Custom volume limits
* Ability to force a volume limit on other applications
* Customizable default audio device (instead of always using the system default)
* Option to mute the volume on session lock [#48]
* Eject notification icon
* Detailed error messages
* Bugfix: Hotkey argument range validation
* Bugfix: Changing the volume slider while muted now unmutes the volume
* Bugfix: Display changes are monitored and accounted for (multi-monitor) [#36]
* Bugfix: Intermittent optical disk eject failure [#37]
* Bugfix: Null device crash [#42, #45]
* Bugfix: Updates launched from the settings app didn't shut down 3RVX
